now it came to pass in the ninth year of
now it came to pass in the ninth year of his reign in the tenth month on the
his reign in the tenth month on the
his reign in the tenth month on the tenth day of the month but
tenth day of the month but
tenth day of the month but Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and all
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and all
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and all his army came against Jerusalem and
his army came against Jerusalem and
his army came against Jerusalem and encamped against and they built a siege
encamped against and they built a siege
encamped against and they built a siege wall against it all around so the city
wall against it all around so the city
wall against it all around so the city was besieged until the eleventh year of
was besieged until the eleventh year of
was besieged until the eleventh year of King Zedekiah by the ninth day of the
King Zedekiah by the ninth day of the
King Zedekiah by the ninth day of the fourth month the famine had become so
fourth month the famine had become so
fourth month the famine had become so severe in the city that there was no
severe in the city that there was no
severe in the city that there was no food for the people of the land then the
food for the people of the land then the
food for the people of the land then the city war was broken through and all the
city war was broken through and all the
city war was broken through and all the men of war fled at night by way of the
men of war fled at night by way of the
men of war fled at night by way of the gate between two wards which was by the
gate between two wards which was by the
gate between two wards which was by the Kings garden even though the Chaldeans
Kings garden even though the Chaldeans
Kings garden even though the Chaldeans were still encamped all around against
were still encamped all around against
were still encamped all around against the city and the king went by way of the
the city and the king went by way of the
the city and the king went by way of the plain but the army of the Chaldeans
plain but the army of the Chaldeans
plain but the army of the Chaldeans pursued the king and they overtook him
pursued the king and they overtook him
pursued the king and they overtook him in the plains of Jericho all his army
in the plains of Jericho all his army
in the plains of Jericho all his army was scattered from him so they took the
was scattered from him so they took the
was scattered from him so they took the king and brought him up to the king of
king and brought him up to the king of
king and brought him up to the king of Babylon a tribler and they pronounced
Babylon a tribler and they pronounced
Babylon a tribler and they pronounced judgment on him then they killed the
judgment on him then they killed the
judgment on him then they killed the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes put out
sons of Zedekiah before his eyes put out
sons of Zedekiah before his eyes put out the eyes of Zedekiah bound him with
the eyes of Zedekiah bound him with
the eyes of Zedekiah bound him with bronze fetters and took him to babylon
bronze fetters and took him to babylon
bronze fetters and took him to babylon and in the fifth month on the seventh
and in the fifth month on the seventh
and in the fifth month on the seventh day of the month which was the 19th year
day of the month which was the 19th year
day of the month which was the 19th year of King Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon
of King Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon
of King Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon never the Radin the captain of the guard
never the Radin the captain of the guard
never the Radin the captain of the guard a servant of the king of Babylon came to
a servant of the king of Babylon came to
a servant of the king of Babylon came to Jerusalem he burned the house of the
Jerusalem he burned the house of the
Jerusalem he burned the house of the Lord and the King's house all the houses
Lord and the King's house all the houses
Lord and the King's house all the houses of Jerusalem that is all the houses of
of Jerusalem that is all the houses of
of Jerusalem that is all the houses of the great he burned with fire
the great he burned with fire
the great he burned with fire and all the army of the Chaldeans who
and all the army of the Chaldeans who
and all the army of the Chaldeans who were with the captain of the guard broke
were with the captain of the guard broke
were with the captain of the guard broke down the walls of Jerusalem all around
down the walls of Jerusalem all around
down the walls of Jerusalem all around them neighbors are Aden the captain of
them neighbors are Aden the captain of
them neighbors are Aden the captain of the guard carried away captive the rest
the guard carried away captive the rest
the guard carried away captive the rest of the people who remained in the city
of the people who remained in the city
of the people who remained in the city and the defectors who had deserted to
and the defectors who had deserted to
and the defectors who had deserted to the king of Babylon with the rest of the
the king of Babylon with the rest of the
the king of Babylon with the rest of the multitude but the captain of the guard
multitude but the captain of the guard
multitude but the captain of the guard left some of the poor of the land as
left some of the poor of the land as
left some of the poor of the land as vine dressers and farmers the bronze
vine dressers and farmers the bronze
vine dressers and farmers the bronze pillars that were in the house of the
pillars that were in the house of the
pillars that were in the house of the Lord and the carts and the bronze see
Lord and the carts and the bronze see
Lord and the carts and the bronze see that were in the house of the Lord the
that were in the house of the Lord the
that were in the house of the Lord the Chaldeans broke in pieces and carried
Chaldeans broke in pieces and carried
Chaldeans broke in pieces and carried their bronze to Babylon they also took
their bronze to Babylon they also took
their bronze to Babylon they also took away the pots the shovels the trimmers
away the pots the shovels the trimmers
away the pots the shovels the trimmers the spoons and all the bronze utensils
the spoons and all the bronze utensils
the spoons and all the bronze utensils with which the priests ministered the
with which the priests ministered the
with which the priests ministered the fire pants and the basins the things of
fire pants and the basins the things of
fire pants and the basins the things of solid gold and solid silver the captain
solid gold and solid silver the captain
solid gold and solid silver the captain of the guard took away the two pillars
of the guard took away the two pillars
of the guard took away the two pillars one see and the carts which Solomon had
one see and the carts which Solomon had
one see and the carts which Solomon had made for the house of the Lord the
made for the house of the Lord the
made for the house of the Lord the bronze of all these articles was beyond
bronze of all these articles was beyond
bronze of all these articles was beyond measure the height of one pillar was 18
measure the height of one pillar was 18
measure the height of one pillar was 18 cubits and the capital on it was of
cubits and the capital on it was of
cubits and the capital on it was of bronze the height of the capital was
bronze the height of the capital was
bronze the height of the capital was three cubits and the network and
three cubits and the network and
three cubits and the network and pomegranates all around the Capitol were
pomegranates all around the Capitol were
pomegranates all around the Capitol were all of bronze the second pillar was the
all of bronze the second pillar was the
all of bronze the second pillar was the same with a network and the captain of
same with a network and the captain of
same with a network and the captain of the guard took Syria the chief priest
the guard took Syria the chief priest
the guard took Syria the chief priest Zephaniah the second priest and the
Zephaniah the second priest and the
Zephaniah the second priest and the three door keepers he also took out of
three door keepers he also took out of
three door keepers he also took out of the city an officer who had charge of
the city an officer who had charge of
the city an officer who had charge of the men of war five men of the king's
the men of war five men of the king's
the men of war five men of the king's close associates who were found in the
close associates who were found in the
close associates who were found in the city
city
city the chief recruiting of a server the
the chief recruiting of a server the
the chief recruiting of a server the army who mustered the people of the land
army who mustered the people of the land
army who mustered the people of the land and sixty men of the people of the land
and sixty men of the people of the land
and sixty men of the people of the land who were found in the city so neighbors
who were found in the city so neighbors
who were found in the city so neighbors are Rayden
are Rayden
are Rayden captain of the guard took these and
captain of the guard took these and
captain of the guard took these and brought them to the king of Babylon a
brought them to the king of Babylon a
brought them to the king of Babylon a tribler
tribler
tribler then the king of Babylon struck them and
then the king of Babylon struck them and
then the king of Babylon struck them and put them to death at Riddler in the land
put them to death at Riddler in the land
put them to death at Riddler in the land of hamath thus Judah was carried away
of hamath thus Judah was carried away
of hamath thus Judah was carried away captive from its own land then he made
captive from its own land then he made
captive from its own land then he made get a liar
get a liar
get a liar the son of a hikin the son of shaphan
the son of a hikin the son of shaphan
the son of a hikin the son of shaphan governor over the people who remained in
governor over the people who remained in
governor over the people who remained in the land of Judah whom Nebuchadnezzar
the land of Judah whom Nebuchadnezzar
the land of Judah whom Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon had left now when all
king of Babylon had left now when all
king of Babylon had left now when all the captains of the armies they and
the captains of the armies they and
the captains of the armies they and their men heard that the king of Babylon
their men heard that the king of Babylon
their men heard that the king of Babylon had made get a liar governor they came
had made get a liar governor they came
had made get a liar governor they came to get a lie at Misbah Ishmael the son
to get a lie at Misbah Ishmael the son
to get a lie at Misbah Ishmael the son of Nathania johanna the son of korea
of Nathania johanna the son of korea
of Nathania johanna the son of korea seraya the son of tan houmous been a
seraya the son of tan houmous been a
seraya the son of tan houmous been a tougher fight and jay as an ayah the son
tougher fight and jay as an ayah the son
tougher fight and jay as an ayah the son of a mayic effect they and their men and
of a mayic effect they and their men and
of a mayic effect they and their men and get a liar took an oath before them and
get a liar took an oath before them and
get a liar took an oath before them and their men and said to them do not be
their men and said to them do not be
their men and said to them do not be afraid of the servants of the Chaldeans
afraid of the servants of the Chaldeans
afraid of the servants of the Chaldeans dwell in the land and serve the king of
dwell in the land and serve the king of
dwell in the land and serve the king of babylon and it shall be well with you
babylon and it shall be well with you
babylon and it shall be well with you but it happened in the seventh month
but it happened in the seventh month
but it happened in the seventh month that Ishmael the son of Nathania
that Ishmael the son of Nathania
that Ishmael the son of Nathania the son of Allah Shima of the royal
the son of Allah Shima of the royal
the son of Allah Shima of the royal family came with 10 men and struck and
family came with 10 men and struck and
family came with 10 men and struck and killed get a liar the Jews as well as
killed get a liar the Jews as well as
killed get a liar the Jews as well as the Chaldeans who were with him at
the Chaldeans who were with him at
the Chaldeans who were with him at Misbah and all the people small and
Misbah and all the people small and
Misbah and all the people small and great and the captains of the armies
great and the captains of the armies
great and the captains of the armies arose and went to Egypt for they were
arose and went to Egypt for they were
arose and went to Egypt for they were afraid of the Chaldeans now it came to
afraid of the Chaldeans now it came to
afraid of the Chaldeans now it came to pass in the 37th year of the captivity
pass in the 37th year of the captivity
pass in the 37th year of the captivity of Jehoiakim king of Judah in the 12th
of Jehoiakim king of Judah in the 12th
of Jehoiakim king of Judah in the 12th month on the 27th day of the month
month on the 27th day of the month
month on the 27th day of the month but evil Marauder king of babylon in the
but evil Marauder king of babylon in the
but evil Marauder king of babylon in the year that he began to reign released
year that he began to reign released
year that he began to reign released Jehoiakim king of Judah from prison he
Jehoiakim king of Judah from prison he
Jehoiakim king of Judah from prison he spoke kindly to him and gave him a more
spoke kindly to him and gave him a more
spoke kindly to him and gave him a more prominent seat than those of the Kings
prominent seat than those of the Kings
prominent seat than those of the Kings who were with him in Babel ii so jehovah
who were with him in Babel ii so jehovah
who were with him in Babel ii so jehovah can changed from his prison garments and
can changed from his prison garments and
can changed from his prison garments and he ate bread regularly before the king
he ate bread regularly before the king
he ate bread regularly before the king all the days of his life and as for his
all the days of his life and as for his
all the days of his life and as for his provisions there was a regular ration
provisions there was a regular ration
provisions there was a regular ration given him by the king a portion for each
given him by the king a portion for each
given him by the king a portion for each day all the days of his life
day all the days of his life
day all the days of his life you